Oh everything's on fire yeah that's the
Hunger Games for ya look out look at the
time off it's so different to MCC forty
seconds you have five minutes to stay on
those things I'm not even gonna win so
why am I doing this
yeah if you die I'm leaving alright
ready three two one happy and welcome to
The Hunger Games on the hi Mitchell is
in my room behind me so he's gonna help
me yeah I mean these been not in it what
what's why is there time on the side
what game I date why do I have an ID
[Music]
just kill people all right so all yeah
that there's not Chester there these
things hello I love you too hello it
looks like Netflix i thankful for what
you shoes what is he doing Cinderella
hello
he does not have a sword on the west
playoff yeah you are pretty bad hey hey
hey I'm Bea come on big wheel Jesus
Christ
yes oh okay whoa you're doing this to me
yeah yes
all right good J I'm gonna get a
sandwich okay bye
thanks for buddy
[Music]
yeah telling you do is to sting a like
if they were bees you'd be like you're
killing yourself because that's what's
gonna happen when you sting a life
you're gonna sting it and because you
stuck a well guys that's what happens
when you play on the hive you get killed
oh you have your own pair of keys I
can't see ya
don't forget the door paper okay